Non Non Biyori S1 EP2 script:
My name is Ichijou Hotaru.
I'm in fifth grade.
I used to go to school in Tokyo,
but because of my parents' situation, I transferred to this school.
And,
in this place changes my school life as well.
The first change is:
In the entire school, these are the only students.
Only 5 students.
Secondly,
The elementary and middle school students are in the same classroom.
Third is that
By being in different grades, we usually self study in class.
and that's why our teacher is currently sleeping
Why is that cat square?
Alright then, I'll introduce the other students that go to this school.
I finished my problems.
This is the first grader, Renge-Chan
I don't get this problem at all.
This is the seventh grader, Natsumi-Senpai
And Natsumi's older sister: eighth grader Komari-Senpai.
Sister, do you get this problem?
If you do, would you mind doing this problem for me?
Why?
Last is the ninth grader Suguru-Senpai.
He is the elder brother to both Natsumi-Senpai and Komari-Senpai.
Do I turn this workbook in after I've done my work?
Yes. (TN: un means yes, used in casual settings, usually amongst friends) once you turn in your work, you can begin your lunch break.
Alright then, I'm turning it in.
Our teacher, Miyauchi-Sensei is Renge-chan's older sister.
Nee-nee I did it.
Oh you did it eh?
Time for a break!
No matter how hard I try, I just can't get it.
At this rate, lunch time will be over.
It's over...
As long as I'm done, Let's my take my break anyways.
Can I please start my break?
What are you talking about?
Well, if you've admitted to stop being human
I can't stop you.
But please think long and hard about it.
Think about it huh? she said.
Who wants to play ball?
I want to!
You haven't thought about anything.
Hey! Running is not allowed in the halls!
Alright
Honestly..
Komari-senpai's nickname is Koma-chan.
The origin of that is not from her name, but rather the word small.
At first,  I just thought of her as a short senpai.
Oh, Hotaru, what is our next class?
If I remember correctly, drawing.
Even now, she's so cute.  I can't help myself.
Senpai's looking this way.
I just want to her little head.
I bet it's so soft.
She has her hand on her cheek.  I wonder if she has a toothache.
What are you doing? Koma-chan
We had place that trap for the eraser to drop on Sensei's
The pretty eraser is on top of your head.
Your head is now white. Koma-chan.
Don't' address me as Koma-Chan.
Why are you so mad about that compared to the eraser?
I'm your older sister.  I'm the oldest student here.
Address me as your older sister.
Alright I get your point.  Calm down. Chop!
Why am I being struck? I didn't say anything wrong.  Apologize to your older sister.  The eraser as well.  Apologize on your knees.
Even so, you sure don't look like my older sister.
Apologizing for the eraser comes afterwards?
Well, it's alright.  Please both of you, calm down.
Natsumi-senpai shouldn't be so mean towards Komari-senpai.
I wasn't trying to be mean.
Koma-chan. Fight!
Don't call me Koma-chan!
Senpai, I'll take the chalk out of your hair.
I wonder if this counts as petting her head.
Don't rub chalk into my Koma-chan
You're mistaken.
That was awkward.
Candy?
Stare... [TN: Chi is the Japanese onomatopoeia   for staring]
Oh goody, you have candy.
You smelt that quickly.
Huh? what is it?
I found candy.  It's the new milk cola flavor.
You hyenas..
bringing candy to school is bad Koma-chan.
I told you not to address me as Koma-chan!
I went to the candy store yesterday and forgot to take the piece from my bag.  Well I'm in eighth grade.  I have to keep with the times as a woman.
What good is keeping up with the candy traits?
Who cares? I want some candy!
ooh I want some as well!
Huh?
No way! Not with what you said earlier.
Huh? By the way, that wasn't meant on purpose.
Yup!
Before I give you guys this piece of candy, Hotaru I'll give you a piece.
But..
Is this alright?
yes!
Here (TN: hai usually means yes in a polite manner, but in this case, here is a better translation)
What the--!? Give me some
Please give me some.
Quiet
I want candy!
This is the first time that senpai has given me something.
It may only be candy. I'm very happy.
Why am I so happy over this?
I'm not eating this.  I'll keep it at my desk.
Ren-chon
Let's use the strategy of playing on her feelings, then she might give us the candy.
What?
Koma-chan
Don't address me as Koma-chan.
We've known each other for a while haven't we?
What's with this?
That time was so much fun.
It was so much fun that you wrote words on your forehead while being asleep.
That was not fun for me..
Yesterday you had one bite of my pudding.
It was just a single bite, anyways that pudding was mine.
One bite of pudding is equal to one piece of candy
Alright then.
I like the simple-minded girls.
Houtaru, they're being annoying so could you pass the candy bag?
I was so happy to receive candy from you.
Ahh well, it's not that we wanted the candy.  Uh Hotaru-sama.
We can't stop this crying.  Go ahead and keep it.
Yay, I did it.  I don't know how I did it, but they gave me candy.  I didn't think something this cheerful would happen.  Yay candy! I hope this feeling reaches senpai some day.
I wonder if it smart to give her candy if she has a toothache?
Houtaru has a toothache?
I don't know.
Hotaru
Yes?
Your friend's calling'
my friend? Who is "my friend?" Hello (TN: Moshi moshi is hello on the phone)
Hello hotaru It's me Komari.
Sorry
It's the first time you've called me senpai. It surprised me so much that I dropped the phone.  How can I help you?
It's nothing in particular.
I'm nearby.  I called to see if we could hang out.
Let's hang.  Let's hang.
I'll be near the phone booth near your house.
Alright then see you later.
oh, you may hang up the phone first.
Alright, Senpai and I, the two of us hanging out.  What am I going to do!? I have to make my hair look pretty.  I have to put on lipstick.  Mom, what kind of fancy clothes do you have?
What about the ones you just bought?
I want something more mature looking.
Natsumi and renge aren't even paying attention to this one piece dress I bought.
Those two are bad.
Alright then, where shall we--?
where shall we go?
who are you?
I don't know this town too well.  I'd appreciate it if you could show me around.
You're not from here are you?
No I'm from Tokyo.
From Tokyo? No wonder she got lost.  So where would you like to go?
I'd like to visit the candy store.
She came here from Tokyo to visit the candy shop?
That was bad?
That wasn't bad.
hurry, let's go.
uhh.  I can't wait for Hotaru.  I'll handle this like an adult.
Remember, like an adult.
uhh sorry, my mom and older sister told me not to follow people I don't know.
this wasn't adult like at all.
I feel the same, shall we head to the candy shop?
I was supposed to wait for someone not follow a stranger.
please wait.
I ended up following her.  It was funny.  What went wrong?
What's the path to the candy shop?
If you go straight on this street, there will be a tunnel. if you go straight through it, it will be in front of you.
Will I be ok walking through it?
Is it here?
Yes.
The tunnel is dark even during the day.   If you're afraid, we can go the long path.   Of course you want to go back right? There'd be a problem if a ghost showed up.  huh?
How can she smile in this scary tunnel?
Is this? Is this what they call an adult's mentality?
A candy store with senpai? The candy store! This is my first time going to a real candy shop.
Is that so?
What shall we buy?
I don't have much money.
Please let me treat you.  For directing me to the candy store.
Sure.
The candy is plentiful.
Welcome
Hello
Hello
what should I buy? shaved ice.
Is shaved ice good?
2 shaved ice please
What flavors would you like?
Green tea and red bean please.
Alright.
Can we pay with a 10,000 yen bill?
10,000 yen? Is that what adults pay with?
Is it  a bit too early for shaved ice?
No, today is a bit warm.  The tea is bitter.  Do they always eat stuff like this?
I did show off a bit and got the bitter one to show off to senpai.  Even so, with senpai the bitter stuff seems delicious.
The bitter stuff does look delicious.  I guess you can't be an adult without eating bitter foods.
It's so nice and calming.  I only lived in Tokyo, so coming here had me worried,  This place is nice.
I see.  There are various types of adults.
Thanks for today.
no it was my pleasure.
Alright then.
That adult lady.  Cool!! So that's what happened.  I wonder if I grow to be like her.  She didn't tell me her name.  Hotaru....
Hotaru, phone for you
hello hello hotaru. Sorry for today.  I'm really sorry.
