Text: Non Non Biyori
Renge: This place is my village.
Renge: It's quiet and peaceful.
Renge: But sometimes I think...
Renge: Where we live...
Natsumi: Ren-chon!
Renge: ...is the sticks.
Title: Episode 1
Title: A New Transfer Student
Natsumi: Mornin'!
Natsumi: What was that?
Renge: Nyanpasu~!
Natsumi: I dunno what that means. What did you say?
Renge: Nyan...pasu~!
Natsumi: Nyan...pasu...
Renge: What about Koma-chan?
Natsumi: Oh, she left earlier.
Natsumi: The weather is so perfect! But we have school today...
Renge: I'm a brand-new first grader, so I think it will be fun!
Natsumi: It's not going to be fun for long.
Natsumi: School life is tough, you know.
Natsumi: It's all homework, tests, and more homework.
Renge: For breakfast, we had miso soup with horsetail shoots.
Natsumi: We had egg soup with horsetail shoots and onions.
Natsumi: Run, Ren-chon!
Komari: Renge! Natsumi!
Natsumi: Nee-chan!
Renge: Nattsun, did you watch the news today?
Natsumi: Oh, no, I didn't. I was in a hurry.
Komari: I didn't see it either.
Renge: Too bad. Today's news was pretty exciting.
Natsumi: Did something happen?
Renge: Outside the window behind the host, there was this old guy doing radio calisthenics.
Renge: It was very cool.
Natsumi: Why is that exciting to you?
Text: Asahigaoka Branch School
Natsumi: Man, it's still a bit cold.
Renge: Today, the classroom feels different than yesterday.
Natsumi: What?
Mizuho: Mornin'.
Mizuho: Take your seats.
Hotaru: Um...
Mizuho: Why don't you introduce yourself?
Natsumi: Ichijou...
Text: Ichijou Hotaru
Hotaru: Ah, um...I'm Ichijou Hotaru.
Hotaru:  I'm from Tokyo.
Komari: Whoa! From Tokyo?!
Natsumi: That says "Hotaru"?
Renge: First time I've seen that character.
Natsumi: What grade?
Hotaru: Fifth.
Komari: Younger? She's younger than me?!
Natsumi: She doesn't look like a fifth grader.
Natsumi: Hey, did you do something bad at your last school?
Hotaru: No, it's because of my father's work.
Natsumi: What! Oh, the usual, then...
Renge: Nyanpasu~!
Hotaru: Nya-nyan...
Mizuho: Take a seat.
Hotaru: Alright.
Renge: Oh, yeah. There's an extra seat.
Komari: You just realized?
Renge: Nice to meet you, Hotarun.
Hotaru: Hotarun...
Natsumi: What was first period again?
Komari: Japanese.
Text: Complete Training Guide Grade 7 Japanese Review Drills
Text: Complete Training Guide Grade 8 Japanese Review Drills
Text: Japanese Drills by Repetition
Hotaru: Ah, everyone is in different grades?
Renge: I'm in first.
Komari: I'm in eighth.
Natsumi: I'm in seventh,
Natsumi: and Nii-chan's in ninth.
Hotaru: You're all in the same classroom?
Natsumi: Yeah.
Hotaru: Every class?
Natsumi: What do you mean, every class?  This is the only class.
Hotaru: The whole school is just four students?
Renge: It's five now with you, Hotarun.
Komari: Since we're all in different grades,
Komari: it's mostly self-study.
Hotaru: Self-study?
Komari: Didn't you get a workbook?
Hotaru: Oh! Yeah I did!
Text: Grade 8 Class 1
Text: + Grade 1  + Grade 7  + Grade 9
Natsumi: Now then, what should we do?
Renge: Hm, I...
Renge: Dodgeball! I wanna play dodgeball!
Natsumi: Dodge ball, huh?
Hotaru: Um...
Hotaru: I was wondering on my way to class...
Hotaru: what are the buckets for?
Natsumi: Ah, they're for catching leaks.
Natsumi: So, don't get too close to them.
Hotaru: Oh, I see.
: It would be annoying if a bucket got moved and we couldn't find the leak again.
Natsumi: Nah, that's not it.
: The floor's rotting from the moisture.
Natsumi: If you get close, you'll fall through.
Hotaru: Huh?!
Natsumi: Just kidding, just kidding!
Natsumi: So far, no one has been stupid enough to fall in.
Natsumi: Yeah, so just be careful.
Hotaru: Ah, I see.
Natsumi: Here I go!
Natsumi: Take this!
Komari: Ahh, yikes!
Natsumi: Eh?
Renge: Hotarun!
Hotaru: Oof!
Natsumi: Hotarun's out.
Hotaru: I shouldn't have tried to catch it...
Renge: There's a key on the ground!
Hotaru: Oh, that's mine.
Natsumi: A key? For what?
Komari: What's the matter?
Hotaru: Well, no one is going to be home until tonight,
Hotaru: so I brought my house key.
Natsumi: Ren-chon, do you lock your house?
Renge: Nuh-uh.
Natsumi: Nee-chan, we don't lock our doors either, do we?
Komari: I've never seen a lock before.
Natsumi: I see...
All: You're strange.
Hotaru: Wait, what else would I lock...?
Natsumi: Maybe mackerel?
Natsumi: (Note: 'Shime' means to lock, 'Shimesaba' is pickled mackerel)
Natsumi: We're done! We're done!
Komari: Hurry, let's get home.
Renge: Hotarun!
Renge: Want to hang out at our house?
Renge: You don't wanna?
Hotaru: Ah, okay.
Hotaru: Well, just for a little bit.
Renge: These are mandarin orange trees.
Renge: The new blossoms are coming out.
Hotaru: You grow mandarin oranges?
Natsumi: And rice and vegetables, mostly.
Natsumi: Oh, and leaves.
Hotaru: Leaves?
Natsumi: Like garnish for food.
Hotaru: Um, do you have any stores?
Renge: There's a co-op and a candy store.
Hotaru: Uh, anything else?
Natsumi: The police box?
Komari: That's not a store.
Hotaru: Is there a bookstore?
Komari: The candy store sells magazines.
Komari: But they're two days late.
Hotaru: Convenience stores...none of those either?
Renge: I've seen commercials about them!
Text: Cattle Crossing
Hotaru: Cattle?
Natsumi: Sometimes deer, too.
Komari: And boars.
Renge: What's wrong?
Hotaru: This place is just...so different from Tokyo.
Natsumi: So it's still too early to put away the kotatsu...
Komari: Hey, did you notice that the door wasn't locked?
Hotaru: Yes.
Renge: Today, mom and dad are working in the fields.
Natsumi: Nee-chan, grab that for me...
Komari: Jeez, can't you grab it yourself?
Komari: Here.
Natsumi: Ah, thank you, thank you.
Natsumi: What's up, Ren-chon?
Renge: I'm gonna show Hotarun my talent!
Natsumi: There's no sound coming out.
Natsumi: Still no sound coming out.
Natsumi: Whoa! Something came out!
Hotaru: A tanuki!
Komari: You keep a tanuki?
Natsumi: And the tanuki actually heard you?
Renge: I named it too.
Natsumi: What kind of name?
Renge: Gu!
Text: Gu's Dish
Natsumi: Oh! A psychedelic name!
Renge: Gu will do a trick if I whistle again!
Natsumi: Whoa!
Natsumi: The whistling made a noise this time!
Natsumi: What will Gu do?!
Natsumi: Ren-chon!
Komari: Morning!
Natsumi: Ren-chon?
Renge: Nattsun...
Renge: Do we really live in the sticks?
Natsumi: Where is this coming from?
Renge: Hotarun was really surprised.
Renge: Having different grades in one classroom, and the tanuki...
Renge: Nee-nee told me if you drive 50 kilometers per hour
Renge: you'll be somewhere fifty kilometers away in an hour,
Renge: and that's really awesome.
Natsumi: I...see now.
Renge: By the way, if you travel 50 kilometers per hour,
Renge: you can't go somewhere 50 kilometers away because of traffic lights.
Natsumi: Oh yeah...I knew that.
Natsumi: But even in Tokyo, there's gotta be
Natsumi: schools with elementary and middle school students,
Natsumi: even if they're in different rooms.
Natsumi: And the highway doesn't have traffic lights.
Natsumi: So it's not like we live in the sticks!
Natsumi: Hotarun, hello!
Komari: Morning!
Renge: Nyanpasu~!
Hotaru: Good morning.
Natsumi: Ren-chon?
Renge: But since a tanuki lives at my house, we must live in the sticks...
Natsumi: You're still talking about that?
Hotaru: What are we talking about?
Komari: Whether or not this place is really the sticks.
Renge: Is this really the sticks?
Komari: If you think about it logically...
Natsumi: Nah, just because you live here
Natsumi: doesn't mean it's the sticks.
Komari: That already makes you sound like a country girl.
Natsumi: Nah, even in Tokyo, monkeys show up every now and then.
Natsumi: So just because a tanuki shows up, doesn't mean this is the sticks, right?
Natsumi: Right?
Hotaru: Ah...
Komari: You really don't want this to be the sticks, do you?
Natsumi: Even if in the sticks means doing anything is inconvenient,
Natsumi: just having cattle and tanuki doesn't make things inconvenient, right?
Natsumi: So, this isn't the sticks!
Renge: I see now.
Renge: So...this isn't the sticks.
Renge: I feel better.
Natsumi: I'm glad, I'm glad!
Natsumi: You're a good girl!
All: Let's eat!
Komari: Today's dishes were made with the vegetables that we picked.
Natsumi: Horsetail shoots, wild udo, and tara sprouts.
Hotaru: Delicious!
Hotaru: It kind of tastes like spring!
Renge: Hotarun. Save your sakura mochi dessert.
Hotaru: How far are we going?
Komari: Almost there, almost there!
Renge: Hotarun!
Renge: Tasty, isn't it?
Hotaru: Yeah, it's good!
Renge: We'll come back again.
Text: Grade 8 Class 1
Text: + Grade 1 + Grade 7 + Grade 9 + Grade 5
Natsumi: Waaaiiit!
Komari: We were too slow, weren't we...
Hotaru: By the way, when's the next bus?
Hotaru: In two hours.
Hotaru: Huh?!
Natsumi: Sheesh...buses in the sticks sure are inconvenient.
Renge: I knew it!
TexT: That's all for today.
Natsumi: Anyone want to go play ball?
Renge: I do!
Komari: Besides, that flan was mine!
Natsumi: One bite of flan is the same  size as a piece of candy!
Hotaru: A candy store with Senpai...
Komari: 10,000 yen?!
Title: Episode 2
Title: We Went to the Candy Store
Text: Restaurant Non Non
Text: Please Watch Again
Text: Photo by:  Wanpasu
Text: Come see us again!
